Hi everyone!
Today we will learn comparison operators in Python.
Comparison operators are used to compare two values.
We have equal not equal, greater than, less than, greater than or equal to.
Less than or equal to.
Let's do some examples.
I execute the code via the debugger mode.
I select the console to see the result x.
Take the value five y.
Take the value three x equal to y.
It will return false five five is different to three.
It will return true.
Five is greater than three.
X is less than y.
It will return false.
X is greater than or equal to to the value three.
It will return true.
And finally x is less than or equal to y.
It will return false because x take the value five and not less than or equal to three.